
Skip to content
Skip to site index
Thursday, November 21, 2019
60°F61° 52°
Log In

House Begins Public Impeachment Hearings
Democrats Prepare to Present Their Case Against Trump

    The clash between President Trump and Democrats moves into the open with the first public impeachment hearing in more than two decades.
    Follow the testimony from two veteran diplomats as our reporters in Washington provide real-time context and analysis.

live
Updates: Taylor Says His Aide Heard Trump Asking About Ukraine Inquiry

William Taylor revealed that an aide had heard Mr. Trump ask another envoy, Gordon Sondland, about “the investigations.”
Nov. 1328 comments

    Image of Carl Hulse
    Carl Hulse Chief Washington Correspondent

    Democrats are focusing on new material from Taylor. They want to show that this is not just a recitation but an ongoing inquiry.
    Image of Carl Hulse
    Carl Hulse Chief Washington Correspondent

    Taylor is very confident in his testimony. I think he is going to be hard to rattle if that is the Republican objective.
    Image of Carl Hulse
    Carl Hulse Chief Washington Correspondent

    Taylor is doing a good job at portraying the risks to Ukraine if seen to be abandoned by the U.S. This isn’t just about politics and meddling but the future survival of Ukraine.
    Image of Michael S. Schmidt
    Michael S. Schmidt Washington Correspondent

    Taylor is tying the withholding of military aid to deaths in Ukraine’s war with Russian-backed separatists, elevating the severity of what the Democrats are investigating.
    Image of Peter Baker
    Peter Baker White House Correspondent

    This is not just about a single phone call but about months of events.

George Kent Testifies Today. Who Is He?

Mr. Kent, the State Department’s top Ukraine official, is known for pushing good governance causes without regard for whom he might offend.
Nov. 13
Bill Taylor Warned of ‘Nightmare’ in Ukraine

Mr. Taylor, a diplomat testifying today, was sent to Ukraine to provide stability at the embassy. He ended up fighting to preserve American security aid.
Nov. 13
The Impeachment Inquiry’s Main Players

Here are the lawmakers to watch.
Nov. 13
Your Wednesday Briefing

Here's what you need to know.
California Today

What to know about DACA and California.
Listen to ‘The Daily’

A third grader’s guide to the impeachment hearings.
Hong Kong’s Universities, the Last Refuge of Protesters, Become Battlegrounds

The police have begun raiding the edges of campuses to make arrests, leading student activists to engage with them in battles that resemble medieval sieges.
Nov. 13
Why are people protesting in Hong Kong?
Nov. 13
Protesters at the Chinese University of Hong Kong clashed with riot police officers.
Protesters at the Chinese University of Hong Kong clashed with riot police officers. Lam Yik Fei for The New York Times
As Push for Higher Minimum Wages Grows, New York Offers a Test Case

Federal research suggested higher minimum wages did not cost jobs in border counties. Industry-level analysis and real-life stories back that up — with caveats.
Nov. 13124 comments
Meeder's Restaurant, a local institution on the New York-Pennsylvania border in Ripley, N.Y. Allison Farrand for The New York Times
Red and Blue Economies Are Heading in Sharply Different Directions

On the surface, there seems to be parity between Democratic-leaning and Republican-leaning metro areas, but a closer look reveals striking differences.
Nov. 13267 comments
The Federal Reserve chair will be optimistic about the economy in testimony before Congress today, but he will warn of risks.
Nov. 13
Why Almost Nobody Will Defend the Iowa Caucuses

As leading Democrats fight for ballot access, voting rights and diverse representation, their marquee presidential contest offers none of those elements.
Nov. 13
Iowa officials are accustomed to twisting themselves into rhetorical pretzels to justify the state’s antiquated caucus system. Daniel Acker for The New York Times
In New Hampshire, Even Getting on the Ballot Has a Tradition

Presidential hopefuls trot out to the New Hampshire State House every four years. Here’s what happens next.
Nov. 13
Uneasy Calm in Bolivia as Lawmakers Threaten Showdown With Interim Leader

With the military's backing, the interim president, Jeanine Añez Chavez, was assembling a cabinet, but backers of Evo Morales threatened to disrupt the new government.
Nov. 13
This Tom Hanks Story Will Help You Feel Less Bad

The actor is playing Mister Rogers in a new movie and is just as nice as you think he is. Please read this article anyway.
Nov. 13293 comments
“I recognized in myself a long time ago that I don’t instill fear in anybody,” Tom Hanks said. “Now, that’s different than being nice, you know?” Daniel Dorsa for The New York Times
Opinion
Anna Moneymaker/The New York Times
Frank Bruni
Trump’s Contempt for True Professionals

It’s driving the impeachment inquiry. It’s dooming his presidency.
Nov. 12641 comments
Illustration by Alicia Tatone; Photographs by Damon Winter/The New York Times, and Guido Mieth and mbell, via Getty Images
Neal K. Katyal
What Trump Is Hiding From the Impeachment Hearings

The president’s efforts to prevent the House from doing its job are just as worrisome as the Ukraine scandal.
Nov. 13879 comments
Thomas L. Friedman
Why I Like Mike
David S. Ludwig and Steven B. Heymsfield
Diet Research Is Spectacularly Thin
Jennifer Finney Boylan
Why Do I Eat Pigs, and Give My Dog Her Own Cowboy Hat?
Alison Smale
‘We Have Advanced to the Same Kind of Mess as Everybody Else’
The Editorial Board
Banning E-Cigarettes Could Do More Harm Than Good
Nicholas Bagley
Some of Trump’s Most Devious Lies Are About Health Care
Spencer Bokat-Lindell
Is It Time to Delete Uber?
Carol Pires
Lula’s Free. Now What?
Jamelle Bouie
Who’s Afraid of Elizabeth Warren?
Editors’ Picks
Would 19 Hours and 16 Minutes in the Air Make Me Crazy?

Qantas plans to offer a nonstop route from New York to Sydney. Our writer took the test flight, with kangaroo-themed pajamas and, perhaps, too much medication.
TravelNov. 13115 comments
James D. Morgan/Qantas
Dear Reader: Watch Where You’re Going

You know you do it: texting and walking at the same time. It’s not safe, obviously. Here’s how to take control of your tech use.
Personal TechNov. 1387 comments
Thanksgiving Side Dishes

No one cares how you roast the turkey. It’s really about the sides.
Nov. 13

We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience.
Let us know what you think
Site Index
news
opinion
arts
living
listings & more
Site Information Navigation

    © 2019 The New York Times Company

    Contact UsWork with usAdvertiseT Brand StudioYour Ad ChoicesPrivacyTerms of ServiceTerms of SaleSite MapHelpSubscriptions

